Add long running integration link to description files (#37867)
demisto/content: Packs/EDL/Integrations/EDL/EDL_description.md

If you have several Generic Export Indicators Service integration instances, make sure to use **different listening ports** to separate the outbound feeds.
Note: After a successful configuration of an instance, if the 'test button' is clicked again, it may result in a failure due to an incorrect assumption that the port is already in use. Nevertheless, it is important to highlight that despite this issue, the instance will continue to function correctly.

> The Generic Export Indicators Service is a long-running integration. For more information about long-running integrations, see <~XSOAR_SAAS>[Cortex XSOAR 8 Cloud](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8/Cortex-XSOAR-Cloud-Documentation/Forward-Requests-to-Long-Running-Integrations) or [Cortex XSOAR 8 On-prem](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8.7/Cortex-XSOAR-On-prem-Documentation/Integration-commands-in-the-CLI) documentation.</~XSOAR_SAAS> <~XSIAM>[Forward requests to long-running integrations](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Administrator-Guide/Forward-Requests-to-Long-Running-Integrations).</~XSIAM> 

Reviewer: Let's change this throughout the descriptions```suggestion
The Generic Export Indicators Service is a long-running integration. For more information about long-running integrations, check out the <~XSIAM>[Forward requests to long-running integrations](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Administrator-Guide/Forward-Requests-to-Long-Running-Integrations) article.</~XSIAM> <~XSOAR_SAAS>Forward requests to long-running integrations article: [Cortex XSOAR 8 Cloud](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8/Cortex-XSOAR-Cloud-Documentation/Forward-Requests-to-Long-Running-Integrations) or [Cortex XSOAR 8 On-prem](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8.7/Cortex-XSOAR-On-prem-Documentation/Integration-commands-in-the-CLI) documentation.</~XSOAR_SAAS>
```
